docs/Background/companies.md, before:

# Corporations of Pre-War America

This section augments the list of "Corporations of Pre-War America" from chapter 6 the Fallout Tabletop RPG core
rulebook. Some of the companies listed there are included here (summarized) if highly relevant to the story and world of
the Gulf Coast Wasteland. Some additional companies in the Fallout canon (and some mentioned only in design docs or
official non-canon sources) are also included. Additional companies not described in the core rulebook are also included
here.

## Raw Materials and Energy Corporations


## Vault-Tec

## Aerospace and Defense Contractors

### REPCONN Aerospace

*Main Article: [REPCONN Aerospace (from the Fallout wiki)](https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/REPCONN_Aerospace)*

### Ball Aerospace

*Main Article: [Ball Aerospace (from the Fallout wiki)](https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/Ball_Aerospace)*

### Cosmic Voyage Industries (CosmicV)

Aerospace company founded by the eccentric Dr. Harold Aster based out of Rustico Bay, TX (just north of the Mexican border and just south of Corpus Christi). Developers of the fully re-usable Phoenix 7 and Phoenix Quantum Rockets that were used by the USSA for non-military launches. Independent of the USSA (and other Space Agencies), it also operated the Astroliner, a luxurious space tourism vessel designed to take wealthy individuals on short trips to orbit and back. Because of the popularity of the AstroLiner, Rustico Bay became a hub for space tourists. 

Although never launched before the bombs fell, the company also was developing the "Cosmic Voyager", a cutting-edge spacecraft designed for long-term space travel. The Cosmic Voyager was designed to be able to travel to the Moon, Mars, and beyond, and was equipped with a state-of-the-art nuclear engine. The Cosmic Voyager was designed to be able to carry a crew of 15 for up to 10 years. Several test flights were conducted, but its maiden voyage was scheduled for October 30, 2077 (one week after the bombs fell).

Founded by a visionary engineer named Dr. Harold Aster, the company started as a small research outfit dedicated to pushing the boundaries of space travel. Dr. Aster had dreams of reaching the stars, and he believed that humanity's destiny lay beyond the confines of Earth. In particular, Dr. Aster grew concerned and accelerated his research efforts as the Resource Wars broke out in 2052. He believed that the only way to ensure humanity's survival was to colonize other planets, and he dedicated his life to making that dream a reality.

However, fate had a cruel twist in store. Just one week before the historic launch, the world was plunged into nuclear devastation as the bombs fell. The dreams of Dr. Aster, Cosmic Voyage Industries, and humanity's interstellar ambitions were seemingly shattered. Rustico Bay, once a vibrant hub for space tourism, became a wasteland, and the fleet of luxurious Astroliners stood silent.

In the aftermath of the Great War, Dr. Aster and the survivors of Cosmic Voyage Industries faced a starkly different reality. Because of bombs dropped on Rustico Bay, Dr. Aster and his team were exposed to high amounts of radiation, and those who survived became ghouls. The remnants of their advanced technology became tools for survival, repurposed to shield against radiation and mutant threats. The launch pad that was meant to propel humanity to the stars now served as a fortified stronghold in the harsh post-apocalyptic wasteland of Rustico Bay.

Despite the devastation, Dr. Aster remained unwavering in his commitment to space exploration, and he led his ghoulified team in adapting their expertise to the new world. Their mission evolved from interstellar travel to ensuring that the knowledge of space technology and exploration would endure, a beacon of hope in the dark times. Indeed, the Cosmic Voyager, once destined for the cosmos, became a symbol of resilience, a reminder that even in the face of annihilation, the dream of reaching the stars could never truly be extinguished. Many years after the bombs fell, Dr. Aster and his team did eventually begin rebuilding Phoenix rockets using salvaged parts and the meager resources they could acquire in the wasteland. 

## Big Tech

## Service Conglomerates

## Manufacturers

Commit message:

feat: auto-populate gas stations from template

docs/Background/companies.md, after:

# Corporations of Pre-War America

This section augments the list of "Corporations of Pre-War America" from chapter 6 the Fallout Tabletop RPG core
rulebook. Some of the companies listed there are included here (summarized) if highly relevant to the story and world of
the Gulf Coast Wasteland. Some additional companies in the Fallout canon (and some mentioned only in design docs or
official non-canon sources) are also included. Additional companies not described in the core rulebook are also included
here.

## Raw Materials and Energy Corporations

### Red Rocket

*For more details, see the Red Rocket entry in the Fallout RPG Core Rulebook (pg 230) and the [Red Rocket entry from the Fallout wiki](https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/Red_Rocket).*

Many remnants of the Red Rocket Corporation in the Gulf Coast Wasteland eventually coalesced and joined the Oil Barons. For more details, see [Oil Barons](../denizens_of_the_wasteland/factions/oilbarons.md).

### Poseidon Energy

*For more details, see the Poseidon entry in the Fallout RPG Core Rulebook (pg 231) and the [Poseidon Energy entry from the Fallout wiki](https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/Poseidon_Energy).*

Many remnants of the Poseidon Energy Corporation in the Gulf Coast Wasteland eventually coalesced and joined the Oil Barons. For more details, see [Oil Barons](../denizens_of_the_wasteland/factions/oilbarons.md).

## Vault-Tec

## Aerospace and Defense Contractors

### REPCONN Aerospace

*Main Article: [REPCONN Aerospace (from the Fallout wiki)](https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/REPCONN_Aerospace)*

### Ball Aerospace

*Main Article: [Ball Aerospace (from the Fallout wiki)](https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/Ball_Aerospace)*

### Cosmic Voyage Industries (CosmicV)

Aerospace company founded by the eccentric Dr. Harold Aster based out of Rustico Bay, TX (just north of the Mexican border and just south of Corpus Christi). Developers of the fully re-usable Phoenix 7 and Phoenix Quantum Rockets that were used by the USSA for non-military launches. Independent of the USSA (and other Space Agencies), it also operated the Astroliner, a luxurious space tourism vessel designed to take wealthy individuals on short trips to orbit and back. Because of the popularity of the AstroLiner, Rustico Bay became a hub for space tourists. 

Although never launched before the bombs fell, the company also was developing the "Cosmic Voyager", a cutting-edge spacecraft designed for long-term space travel. The Cosmic Voyager was designed to be able to travel to the Moon, Mars, and beyond, and was equipped with a state-of-the-art nuclear engine. The Cosmic Voyager was designed to be able to carry a crew of 15 for up to 10 years. Several test flights were conducted, but its maiden voyage was scheduled for October 30, 2077 (one week after the bombs fell).

Founded by a visionary engineer named Dr. Harold Aster, the company started as a small research outfit dedicated to pushing the boundaries of space travel. Dr. Aster had dreams of reaching the stars, and he believed that humanity's destiny lay beyond the confines of Earth. In particular, Dr. Aster grew concerned and accelerated his research efforts as the Resource Wars broke out in 2052. He believed that the only way to ensure humanity's survival was to colonize other planets, and he dedicated his life to making that dream a reality.

However, fate had a cruel twist in store. Just one week before the historic launch, the world was plunged into nuclear devastation as the bombs fell. The dreams of Dr. Aster, Cosmic Voyage Industries, and humanity's interstellar ambitions were seemingly shattered. Rustico Bay, once a vibrant hub for space tourism, became a wasteland, and the fleet of luxurious Astroliners stood silent.

In the aftermath of the Great War, Dr. Aster and the survivors of Cosmic Voyage Industries faced a starkly different reality. Because of bombs dropped on Rustico Bay, Dr. Aster and his team were exposed to high amounts of radiation, and those who survived became ghouls. The remnants of their advanced technology became tools for survival, repurposed to shield against radiation and mutant threats. The launch pad that was meant to propel humanity to the stars now served as a fortified stronghold in the harsh post-apocalyptic wasteland of Rustico Bay.

Despite the devastation, Dr. Aster remained unwavering in his commitment to space exploration, and he led his ghoulified team in adapting their expertise to the new world. Their mission evolved from interstellar travel to ensuring that the knowledge of space technology and exploration would endure, a beacon of hope in the dark times. Indeed, the Cosmic Voyager, once destined for the cosmos, became a symbol of resilience, a reminder that even in the face of annihilation, the dream of reaching the stars could never truly be extinguished. Many years after the bombs fell, Dr. Aster and his team did eventually begin rebuilding Phoenix rockets using salvaged parts and the meager resources they could acquire in the wasteland. 

## Big Tech

## Service Conglomerates

## Manufacturers
